From the 0.9 release a cmake build system is in place. Some re-organization of
project files has been done and a new icon design based on the original was
created for higher resolution.

The 0.8.8 release introduce an indication on the waveform for which loop or cue
that's currently selected. Also some updates to the help documentation was done.

From the 0.8.7 release it's possible to adjust the sustainsection (if not in
automatic detection mode) directly on the waveform. If a new loop is manually 
created a basic loop search will be done at endpoints of sustainsection. Options
to directly open next upper or lower file from the currently selected one was
added and can be used either by the file menu items or key combination.

In the 0.8.6 release it's possible to select different sound Apis and Devices
for audio output and not only rely on the default soundcard of the system. Also
the audio output can now be resampled if the audio settings cannot handle what
the audio file contain.

The 0.8.5 release introduce the possiblitiy to read/write some LIST INFO stings
in the wave file.

With the 0.8.4 release the audio data handling has been streamlined and a new
handling of the sustainsection developed. Now the currently used sustainsection
is marked on the waveform so that one can see where loops are searched in the
audio data.

The 0.8.3 release updates the external libraries and is built on a newer tool-
chain. Small code adjustments done to make it work with the new build tools.

The 0.8.2 release introduces a new waveform overlay at looppoints and multiple
fixes to various issues.

With the 0.8.1.3 release a more updated tool-chain was used and some small
corrections to the code were made because of the newer wxWidgets library.

The 0.8.1.2 relese fixes the header display of the listctrl on Windows and also
addresses the spacing of the columns.

In the 0.8.1.1 release the playback of 32 bit float files are fixed. Also the
loopsearch is now aware of already present loops in the file and takes them
into account when searching for new loops.

With the 0.8.1 version many changes are introduced. It's possible to do
crossfades as a batch process, a few of the batch processes are re-worked to be
more useful in providing lines for a GrandOrgue ODF. A complete help is now
built into the program. It's possible to save a file and open next in the file
list to speed up work by reducing the amount of operations needed. A few bug
fixes are also included. Also a few of the loop search settings parameters have
increased range now.

The 0.8 version series introduce a new approach to file listing in a listctrl
instead of a listbox to allow multiple columns showing beside the file name the
number of loops, cues, the Midi note and pitchfraction of the files. The
shortcut keys were modified so that the mostly used ones are placed better for
lefthand only usage. Navigation between files in the listctrl and between loops
and cues can also now be done with keyboard keys. Many of the settings are now
saved to a config text file to allow the program to remember user settings from
one session to another. Playback of only the loop part of a sample is also now
possible.

With the 0.7.5 release the loop finding parameters have been modified to have
larger span to increase possibilities to find loops even in very difficult
samples. A brute force option was added that will use a different strategy for
the loop collection and selection that should result in the best possible loops
found but also will take longer to complete the search process. Now it's also
enforced that, if more than one loop is found, all found loops must overlap at
least one other loop. Also the loop finding parameters now are shared between
single mode and batch mode which means that any adjustments must be done in the
main window.

Starting with the 0.7 version series it's now possible to modify the audio data
of a file. New features include the possibility to crossfade loops in a few
different manners and also a new dialog to have a close-up view of the selected
loop waveform overlayed at the looppoints. A possibility to cut and fade in/out
has been added both to single file mode and in batch processing.

It's now possible to edit cues by left clicking on the cue marker flag in the
waveform and then left click again at the desired new location. It's also now
possible to create new cue markers by right clicking at the desired position on
the waveform and select Add cue from the popup menu.

A new feature makes it possible to create loops from the toolbar or menu and 
also edit already existing loops by right clicking on the loop row in the 
table, which will trigger a dialog where the new start and end positions can be
written. It's however recommended to use another software to automatically find
good loop points, since that feature is not available in LoopAuditioneer.

It's possible to autosearch for good natural loop points either by using the
toolbar icon or the menu item. Fine control of the loopsearch settings is
possible in the settings dialog available from both toolbar and menu.

Now it's also possible to auto-detect the pitch of the sample and store this
information as midi note and pitch fraction. Of course it's also possible to
manually set this information. It's possible to use either the FFT based pitch
detection or the time domain based one. Time domain is better for single notes
at medium to lower frequencies while FFT is better for multiple notes 
(like mixtures) and higher frequencies (approximately at 072-C of a 8' stop).
A second FFT based pitch detection method is added (harmonic product spectrum)
which works slightly differently to get another option for difficult samples.

Batch processing of all wav files in folder is possible through the batch
process dialog available both on toolbar and in menu.

All menu items now also have keyboard shortcuts.

For soft samples it's now possible to boost the volume to be able to better
judge the quality of the found loops.
